You are giving me face
Or for soba noodles?
Lu Chengyu, I have been by your side for so long
Can't it be worth the original lullaby of his buckwheat?
You won't lose a single hair of his.
I can't compare to him
He is so ugly and so fat, I can't compare to him.
Lu Chengyu, I lied to you
So you hate me, I admit it.
But I don't believe you know
The person who was by your side at the beginning was buckwheat
Will still like him
That's true.
Buckwheat is so fat
Most men can't stand it
Even if I knew that he was
It is estimated that Mr. Lu will not like him either
Even here
That Jiang Yurou was also dipped in the light of other people's buckwheat
If Mr. Lu is mistaken
How can there be such a thing as Jiang Yurou?
Did you hear it?
That's what they say.
Yes
I am staying by your side in place of buckwheat
But even if I wasn't lying
You can't possibly like buckwheat.
There will still be other women by your side
I love buckwheat.
Pardon me?
And I said, "I love buckwheat."
I like it.
He has always been the one who accompanied me
He is so ugly and so fat
His family is broke, he has nothing
Why do you like him?
When I met him
I have no idea what he looks like
I love
It has always been the one who accompanied me through the lows
The voice that sings lullabies to accompany me to sleep
Nothing else.